Create toUpperCase.md (#1572)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/strings/terms/toUpperCase/toUpperCase.md

---
Title: '.toUpperCase()'

> Description: 'Returns the string in uppercase letter'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a given string in all uppercase letters'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:

>   - 'Booleans'

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.toUpperCase()`** method converts all the lowercase letters of a string into uppercase and returns that upper-cased string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.toUpperCase()`** method converts all the lowercase letters of a string to uppercase and returns that new string.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.toUpperCase();
```
Where `string` is the string in which all lowercase letters are converted to uppercase.

> String toUpperCase() returns a new string, so you will have to assign that to another string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.toUpperCase()` method returns a new string, so it must be assigned to a variable in order to reuse that new value.
```

## Example

> The following example showcases the `.toUpperCase()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example applies the `.toUpperCase()` method to the given text:
```

```java

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// MyClass.java
```

public class MyClass {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    
    String text = "Hello World";
    String textUp = text.toUpperCase();

>     System.out.println(textUp);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    System.out.println(text);
    System.out.println(textUp);
```

  }
}

```

This will print the following output:

```shell

> HELLO WORLD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello World
HELLO WORLD
```

---
Title: '.toUpperCase()'
Description: 'Returns a given string in all uppercase letters'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.toUpperCase()`** method converts all the lowercase letters of a string to uppercase and returns that new string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.toUpperCase()`** method converts all lowercase letters of a string to uppercase and returns a new string.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.toUpperCase();
```
Where `string` is the string in which all lowercase letters are converted to uppercase.

> The `.toUpperCase()` method returns a new string, so it must be assigned to a variable in order to reuse that new value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.toUpperCase()` method returns a new string consisting of the upper case form of the letters in the original string. To use the new upper case string, the returned string must be assigned to a variable.
```
